
Review no:1
4.0 out of 5 starsDelightful Dual Sim Phone ByLionel B.on June 17, 2012 Verified Purchase I bought this dual sim Galaxy Y Duos ($178) after using the single sim SAMSUNG Y GALAXY S-5360 ($125) for a couple of weeks. Pros: - Dual sim works flawlessly. Both sims are always on and the Samsung software to manage the sim cards is very easy to master. By pulling down the top curtain you can easily switch which sim is the primarily and thereby choose which sim to call/text from. Also, from the sim setting you can quickly decide which sim should be used for data or turn off the data completely. The dual-sim phone is excellent for frequent travelers that need to handle multiple sims cards without the burden of multiple phones. Also works well for those that want to separate work and private lines without having to carry two phones. - Android 2.3 Gingerbread (have not heard of any update to ICS 4.x) - Full functioning Google play market for apps. - SD slot that takes up to 32 gb (I am using it with 8gb) - Wifi and bluetooth - Tethering and Wi-Fi hotstpot - Very good battery life. The phone will easily take you through the day with average use. Neutral: (Updated 11/17/2012) - Okay specs for a budget dual sim phone. Has 832MHz CPU and 3.15MP Camera - Okay screen resolution 320 x 480 Pixels. Screen is responsive to scrolling. - Good call quality. - Adobe Flash - had to sideload flash on mine but recent phones now reporting flash support) Cons: - Screen size is 3.14 ins which is a bit small. (I think the barest minimum for a smartphone should be 3.5 inch in order to browse and read easily) - No front-facing camera for video conferencing - No camera flash - No WiFi Direct. Overall, a delightful entry dual sim android phone by a reputable company for under $200. This is definitely a much better phone than the single sim SAMSUNG Y GALAXY S-5360. If there may be the slightest reason to use a dual sim then I would suggest you invest in this one over the single sim galaxy y. 1010 comments120 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 10 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:2
5.0 out of 5 starsWorks great, including Square credit card readers ByRandy - Furniture Medicon July 2, 2012 Verified Purchase I was able to set up the phone rather easily, in spite of the minimal instructions. I have a T-Mobile SIM with unlimited talk, text, and data in slot 1, and a T-Mobile prepaid SIM in slot 2. I have a mobile business that covers two telephone area codes, and I used to carry two phones. Now I only need one phone for both numbers. An additional reason for getting the new phone was to get an Android phone that I could set up a Square credit card account on. The Square card reader works great. Customers can sign the transaction right on the touch screen, and get a receipt by email. I love it, as this should enhance my business, while simplifying my life. The phone came with an adapter to plug European/Asian charger cords into US style outlets, but the charger itself was correct for US outlets. I just wish more instructional info came with the phone. Update 7/11/12: This phone has much better reception than my Blackberry. Today I was in an area where my Blackberry would never find any service, yet this phone was receiving emails and a phone call. Battery life is excellent. I could probably go a full two days with this, while my Blackberry was lucky to last a day. I get a little frustrated with it at times, as many times when I swipe the screen to unlock it, different apps will open, depending on where I swipe. I totally impressed a customer with it yesterday, as I used it to swipe her credit card and immediately email a receipt to her. I do wish it would have a flash for the camera, as I often take photos of customer items. Overall, I am happy with it. Update 7/30/12 - Yesterday when I turned the phone on, it could not read the SD card, and asked if I wanted to reformat it. I waited until I got home, and my laptop could not read the SD card either. My laptop would not reformat the SD card, but the phone would. I loaded most of my stuff back onto the SD card, and it has been fine today. However, in trying to use the Navigation app today, it kept asking me to install the voice speech synthesizer, even while it was telling me directions! I am loading it now, and it is being installed on my SD card. So even though speech is installed on the phone, it wants another version on the SD card, and maybe I lost that when the SD card crashed. Now that the install is done, the Navigation app is happy. 11 comment70 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 1 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:3
5.0 out of 5 starsGreat For BASIC Texting and Data Roaming Byjrpon June 11, 2012 Verified Purchase I bought this primarily for texting and prepaid calling. Superb value if texting and prepaid calling are all you care about. Having dual SIM/Dual Stand-by, both SIMs work AT THE SAME TIME. One SIM can use the 3G technology while the other is on 2G (texting, data transmissions) - but both are ACTIVELY running. You can turn OFF either one IF you want to use just the OTHER one. Being sold already UNLOCKED, I was able to use my both my EUROPEAN SIM as well as my ASIAN SIM. While international roaming text is CHEAPER than international calling for my instant communication in the field (as well as VOIP, email and the likes where you have to wait 'till they power up and their PC and log-on to their email accounts), I was able to knock down costs for important messages needing urgent responses. If you are the person who needs state-of-the-art technologies in data, picture, sound, internet and WIFI connectivity, this product may not be best for you. But if you are simply on basic communication without bells and whistles yet able to get your job done at a modest cost and flexible multiple SIM carrier swappability, then this one's can't be beat! Other tools I love most on this are: touch-screen texting with multiple line visibility, text threads are in "ballons" with SIM1 or 2 desgination, "swype" texting, wide screen and very light to carry. I also purchased two more extra batteries (EB464358VU @ 1300mAh) and one universal charger because I really am a text-ing fanatic!!!! 66 comments93 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 6 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:4
4.0 out of 5 starsGreat dual sim phone with some shortcomings ByRedt595on July 12, 2012 I purchased this phone in Europe through Amazon and as always fantastic service and very fast delivery. I had high hope for the phone and it has performed well. I will list all the pros and cons with brief explanations: Pros: Works as a dual sim, very easy to switch between 1 and 2 sim card. Worked great in different parts of Europe and works well in US. Very good build quality, sturdy and nice feel. Touch screen is very good and responsive for this price category. Good battery life while running a few apps: Gps, bluetooth, active screen saver etc. Nice camera although no flash, again for the price its very good. Reception and call quality, speakerphone, and earpiece very good. Internet access also very good, better when connected through Wifi. All around a very nice user friendly phone at a great price. Now for the shortcomings: If you plan on using the MP3 function and just happen to be on of the "few" windows media users, forget it. It will not ready wma files. You either have to convert them form your laptop/cpu or buy a program that does it. I was truly disappointed in this matter because I have 10 year old Nokia phones that will play the WMA files and sound great. Was Samsung too cheap to just incorporated a wma program reader? On that note; if you do decide to upgrade and get a program that will convert the files, the sound quality, through headphones is LOUSY. At first I though it may have been the headphones but, I tested the headphones and even connected Reference AKG's, still sucked. I guess I just have been spoiled by Sony and NOkia MP3 players. Also even if you do purchase the Apps to convert you files you still can't use them as ring tones. I tried over ten different apps and only POwer Amp worked, purchase at Google. Thus anything with music, forget about it. Just keep using your old MP# player. I know a few will say its a phone and not a music player but, in this day and age with the technology out there to have ten year old units outperform is truly sad. Camera is good as I mentioned but, no flash so pics aren't as good and the camera function-zoom is a bit unusual. Memory: only 170mb; Not bad but, if you download apps and they can't be moved to sd card it will slow you phone down All in all a very good phone for the money. Samsung would have received 5 stars had they just spent a bit more on the MP3 player, better camera functions and expanded memory. The perfect phone would have been the Galaxy W model with a dual sim function and a decent MP3. 0Comment18 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:5
5.0 out of 5 starsFunctional and reliable, but no reason to buy when Sony is the same price ByM. Williamson July 15, 2013 Verified Purchase Basic conclusions for the three phones discussed below, as well as some travel tips: Sony Xperia Tipo Dual-SIM ST21A2 ($129)- nicest screen and camera, has dual SIMs. If you need dual SIMs, this is by far the best phone for the money that I found. The charger handles both US and European voltages for charging, but it only came with US plug, so need a European plug adaptor (should be $5 or less). LG LG P350 Optimus Me ($89)- Basic, reliable phone. about 1/3 cheaper than the Sony and Samsung models I looked at. The LG phone was the only one that came with an adaptor for both US and European (not UK) electrical outlets. Samsung Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 ($127)- No reason to buy this phone. Similarly priced Sony phone was superior in every way. The charger handles both US and European voltages for charging, but it only came with US plug, so need a European plug adaptor (should be $5 or less). In a nutshell, these are small form factor smart phones (think palm of your hand) that use old (but inexpensive) technology to deliver very basic smartphone performance (not good for games). The main upside for the Sony phone turned out to be better screen resolution and brightness and a better camera than similar price/size phones. The other advantage is that it is sold directly by Amazon, which means more reliable shipping times and very little chance of getting a knock-off, or used or refurb phone that wasn't properly disclosed. I purchased three different "smart phones" for a recent family trip to France (Paris and Nice, and some side trips), and I will compare them here. They were the Sony Xperia Tipo Dual-SIM ST21A2 Phone (about $129), a Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 ($127), and LG P350 Optimus Me ($89). All are unlocked GSM quad band phones, which is what you need for pre-paid service in Europe (LTE smart phones are still expensive, so not part of this discussion). For a tourist, pre-paid service is the cheapest route, and you don't get any unexpected charges. Using your US phone with an "international" plan is really expensive in my experience, especially for data. I wanted basic smartphone functionality, which included wifi, GPS, email, texting, and voice. Didn't really care about the camera and wasn't willing to pay up for a phone to play games on (can use your US phone with Wifi for that anyway). I have looked at the cheaper voice only or legacy feature phones, but they aren't that inexpensive (usually $30-$50) and seem to have reliability issues for the really cheap ones. Plus, if you think about how you are likely use a phone in a foreign country, being able to pull up a maps screen and pinpoint your location and find nearby food, medical, etc is a huge benefit. Also, for texting I wanted a keyboard, not a legacy phone keypad. All three phones performed their tasks reliably and competently. The GPS is especially helpful when you are overseas and don't speak the langauge. The GPS also efficiently integrated with Google Maps on all three phones, which meant I could use the full Google search engine to find restaurants or store places (useful if you switch phones and log in under your Google ID). One difference among the three phones was that the Sony and Samsung were dual SIM, while the LG was single SIM. The SIM card is what lets you use a particular carrier's service and provides your phone's phone number, etc. Having dual sim cards would let you switch between carriers without opening your phone, removing the battery, and also keeps you from losing the other sim card when you aren't using it. I just used one sim card per phone on this trip, but if you were driving though different countries in Europe or wanted a separate data provider, you might want to have dual sim cards. If I didn't need dual SIM cards, I would just go with the LG phone b/c it had all the functionality I needed at the lowest cost. The Sony phone is much nicer, though. The Samsung phone was basically identical to the LG phone in terms of functionality, but it had an extra SIM slot. Also, battery life was great on all three phones. When out and about, I typically turn WiFi off so the phone doesn't waste battery looking for wifi, so this helps. But I run GPS pretty much the whole day. I also set the screen to turn off on the shortest possible interval. Doing this I got about two days of use (a lot of texting, emailing, moderate maps use, not a lot of voice usage) out of a single charge. If you use a tone of battery, all three phones have a removable battery, so you could order an extra and keep it with you, but I don't see that as a huge problem. A note on signing up for service: I did try ordering a SIM from Orange from Amazon before I left. This was a waste of time and much more expensive than doing it in France at an Orange store (I know b/c I went to the Orange store in Paris). The Amazon SIM was $29.99 and included about five Euro of benefit- i.e. you are paying $25 for the physical SIM card, and then you have to go online and sign up for a calling plan. If you visit one of the many Orange (or another carrier's) stores in France, here is what I paid- For twenty Euro I got a SIM card with unlimited voice and texting for the month plus 150 mb of data and a five Euro credit. I also paid ten Euro for an extra 500mb of data. So for 30 Euro, I got unlimited voice and texting, plus a five Euro credit and 650mb of data during my stay. Also, rate for using your cell to call to the US was 0.09 Euro cents per minute, so the five Euro credit gave you almost an hour of calling back to the states. The phone data plans do not allow you to use cellular data for skype, but you can use wifi to skype. To recap- buying a SIM card in the US- $29 and you get only a five Euro credit. buying the SIM card in France- 30 Euro and you get a five Euro credit plus unlimited voice, texting, and 650mb of data. If you must have a working phone when you land, you should order the SIM in the US and get it set up before you leave, but if you can wait until you check in to your hotel and then go to the Orange store it is a much better deal. Also, I never found any SIM vending machines at the Paris airport (CDG), though I see them all the time at Heathrow. One more note- if you use an android phone, when you set it up, make sure you disable automatic and background refreshes (unless you really want them :-) I went through 500mb of data in two weeks because of Android refreshes, and that was with WiFi on in my condo (I do self catering lodging in Europe). If you visit the Orange store in France, make sure you walk through the process of how to "refill" your phone's plan in case you need to buy data. You basically enter #123 on the phone, then follow some menus in French and enter your code. But there are no English menus, so if you want to be self-sufficient, get them to show you at the store. 0Comment14 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:6
5.0 out of 5 starsVery practical and handy phone ByDo Willon July 6, 2012 Verified Purchase I bought it mainly because of the dual-sim card feature and the Samsung reputation. I needed Android, but didn't care about the processing power and resolution because I am not highly glued to the phone. This phone turned out to be a perfect fit for my needs. I have no complaints about the processing speed. It is good enough for light use. The audio is great. The external speaker is a surprise with its rich sound quality. The screen resolution is clearly low. It is not meant for someone who would do a lot of browsing or picture viewing. The build is very strong and looks like good quality. I have already tested it once by dropping it (unintentionally). Only item that I miss on this phone is the front camera for video chat. Other than that, this phone has everything. A great value for the price! 0Comment5 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:7
5.0 out of 5 starsExcellent choice ByCFS007on August 18, 2012 Verified Purchase I travel frequently on business and also have numerous business associates in foreign countries (Ghana, Ireland, Belize, and the UK). This phone is excellent for my needs. I use a Worldsim (highly recommendOneSimCard International SIM Card for 200 Countries with $10 Credit) that gives me both a UK and a USA cell number - PLUS I have a SIM for each of the countries I travel to. So this phone give me three numbers at any given time. AND I find it very easy to use - fast operating system - easy to read and very user friendly. An exceptional value for the money and essential for the traveler. 0Comment10 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:8
2.0 out of 5 starsPoor memory and poor experience ByVolker Heilmannon February 20, 2014 Verified Purchase I purchased this phone for international travel as it can accommodate two SIM cards. The order and delivery process from Amazon was flawless. But the phone itself has an inherent problem in that it comes with a lot of (in my mind "junk") software from Google and Samsung that cannot be removed. The result in my case was that after downloading two additional Apps (What's App and Facebook) the phone essentially became useless as I kept getting notifications that my memory was full and e-mails could not be downloaded. FYI: I did buy a 32 GB SD card and installed it, but most applications need to run on the phone itself so it has become unclear to me what the purpose of this SD card may be, aside from maybe video clips etc. Eventully I removed these applications again and now have a few MB that allow for e-mail downloads (forget about opening attachments). I now limp along using this phone, but probably will end up buying another phone that can accommodate SIM cards that has much better memory capacity. Maybe this issue is related to the fact that it is an older phone type and as such has poor memory capacity that is no longer compatible with modern Apps that require a lot more memory. If that is the case, it should not be sold anymore. But of course there may be quantities of this phone sitting in inventory somewhere and Amazon can unload them by offering it cheaply (I paid about $100 - would have gladly paid more if it only worked better). 11 comment5 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 1 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:9
5.0 out of 5 starsSmall phone in a big phone world, but does the job. ByProVideo1on July 29, 2013 Verified Purchase Awesome, compact, dual sim phone. I live in one country and work in another so I needed a dual sim phone. This phone is very compact but does support two full size sim cards (not micro sim). It has input for the google store so you can download apps and it has all the other features one would need in a smart phone. It's nice and small - I don't want a huge 5" phone screen and this one serves the purpose perfectly. The resolution on the screen is okay...but definitely not as good as a ipad/iphone or other smart phones. If you're planning to watch movies on your phone maybe get something else but for a youtube video now and again this phone works fine. SOME IMPORTANT DETAILS - Volume - the in call volume isn't as loud as other phones I've had and the speakerphone isn't great either. It does great in most scenarios but in a noisy car on the freeway it can be hard to hear. Memory - This phone has a tiny amount of memory so if you want to install a bunch of apps make sure to get a sim card. If you want to install big apps on the phone you're in trouble but I'll tell you how to get around that. # 1 - Root your phone - this will allow you to do lots of cool stuff # 2 - Get a big SD card. I got a 32GB card and it works well with this phone # 3 - I installed a program called link2SD so I can make my apps always save on my SD card..not on my phone memory. This allows me to add about 500% more apps to this phone than you could do stock. There are some tutorials online on how to do this. #4 - The screen resolution means many google store games and apps may not be available for your phone (they will block you from downloading the app) - there are ways to make google store think you have a different phone and make an app work on this phone but many will not. Switching between sim cards is easy and I can get 3G in the US which you cannot do with many of the other dual sim phones from china, etc. Overall I'm happy with the little phone. As a dude I always feel silly with a huge tablet phone or anything larger than a iphone. This phone is small and fits in my pocket easily. I use it everyday and search the internet, buy stuff on amazon, check my email, listen to adam carolla on his app, etc. 0Comment3 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:10
5.0 out of 5 starsLovin' it ByThe Chefon September 6, 2013 Verified Purchase Got this after I dumped MetroPCS service ( no coverage at the house and no help from Metro). Went with Consumer Cellular because they piggyback onto the ATT system but no conteact. They sent me a SIM, I threw it in and it worked right off. The only thing that's annoying is that the screen is VERY sensitive. If you hover above a button too long, it'll activate it. Otherwise, great performance, good price. 0Comment3 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:11
5.0 out of 5 starsFor the price, simply fantastic! ByAshley Reneeon December 21, 2012 Verified Purchase This is a quick review of the Samsung Galaxy Y S5360, Hello Kitty edition. ;) 1010 comments60 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 10 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:12
5.0 out of 5 starsSuper CUTE! ByWendyon June 21, 2013 Verified Purchase Pros It's Hello Kitty Small enough to fit in pocket or a coin purse. Uses a SIM card. Has a hole for charms or a strap. It has WiFi and Blue Tooth capabilities. It runs on Android. It can use a Micro SD card up to 32 gig. Uses a standard 3.5 mm headphone jack. It was unlocked. Will work with an American charger. Has a predictive text option. Auto rotation. It's under $200 US dollars. Multiple language options. Will work on American Mobile networks. You just need a little patients and some understanding of how international mobile networks operate. More on that later. It can be used as a Wifi Hotspot. My Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo 3DS XL were both able to connect to it. Has a speaker phone option. Has voice recognition software for searching or taking memos. Swype can be used if you don't like the small virtual QWERTY key pad. American apps will work on this phone. Things that could have been better... 2 mega pixcel camera has no dedicated camera button. Radio needs headphones to be plugged in in order to function. I don't know about other people but my phone didn't come with the default Hello Kitty software. It came with the standard software for the regular Samsung Galaxy Y. NO HK power up/down animation. NO HK icons. NO HK wallpapers. NO HK ringtones. Lucky there are a lot of downloadable HK theme sets on the Google Play Market. Some of them are FREE. If you are brave or smart enough you can also root your phone. Or you can download a custom HK rom. Just a little warning for American buyers. This phone is not quite 3G compatible here in the USA. We use a different cell phone radio frequency then Europe and Asia. They use GSM-900 and GSM-1800 but we use GSM-850 and GSM-1900. Somebody please correct me if I'm wrong. It will connect to American mobile networks but it will use EDGE. There is no software work around for this. This phone just doesn't have the right HARDWARE to pick up American 3G. Since it will only work on EDGE here, internet will be kinda slow. But from my experience calls, text, and e-mail will work normally. If you have access to WiFi, then please use it when ever possible. I can't call this a con at all. I can't get mad at Samsung or at my provider ATT. Samsung had no idea that we Americans would import this phone. American cell phone service providers like ATT can't be forced to use European/Asian cell phone frequencies. Samsung has also made an official announcement that there will be no more OS upgrades for the Galaxy Y phones. The last upgrade is Android 2.3.6 so if you really want Jelly Bean, you'll have to look around on the net if you can't program a custom OS yourself. Some folks have complained about the small screen size. Not an issue for me. I'm used to the small size of Nintendo DS screens. Some folks have complained about call sound quality. I have not noticed any sound distortion. People I have called say I sound very clear. I can hear them very clearly as well. As for text and messaging issues, contact your provider. Chances are, the APN setting may need tweaking. If you get a SIM card error, just contact your provider. They may be able to transfer your stuff over to a new SIM card for a small fee. Something under $10. Some MUST have accessories. Miss Kitty is a fashionable young lady is she not? XD I have heard that the touch screen of the Galaxy Y is not made of the same material as it's family members. A screen protector will take care of any scratches. A case! There are a few that would look good on this phone and not cover up Miss Kitty's pretty face. Amazon has a clear/frost white TPU gel case. There's a also a clear/frost pink TPU case that look cute too. A stylus! Amazon sells some universal capacitive touch screen styli that would match perfectly. I haven't seen any HK ones but a plain white or pink would go very well with this phone. Amazon also sells a lot of HK themed cell phone accessories like charms, holsters, and straps. If you love Hello Kitty, just take this product for what it is. Don't get all huffy just because it's not a as fast as an American smart Phone, you've been warned! 11 comment17 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 1 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:13
5.0 out of 5 starsis a awesome phone Bythankson September 24, 2012 Verified Purchase Love this phone. It works great plus it has everything my DROID did. All i had to do is but a sim card and call and activate to t mobile. This phone can also be set up on any network that uses sim cards. 11 comment28 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 1 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:14
5.0 out of 5 starsThe unlocked phone is AWESOME. ByLeland S. Baheon March 27, 2013 Verified Purchase I really did not know what to get for my niece. Browsing Amazon for an iPad become a job for a day and suddenly she fell in love with the Samsung Hello Kitty Phone. I wasn't really enthusiastic, especially reading other reviews. So, with the price it was gonna save me money. I ordered and it came fully in a secure package. I opened and I was amazed at how neat the little thing was. I played with it and watch videos on it. It has built in WiFi, 2GB SD card, USB cord, Charger and happy ringtones. Awesome for teens. One good tip: GO TO SAMSUNG KIES AND DOWNLOAD SAMSUNG KIES SO YOUR NEW HELLO KITTY PHONE WILL BE ABLE TO SYNC MUSIC AND PHOTOS. IT IS BECAUSE THE DEVICE IS FOREIGN. BOTTOM LINE: I LOVE IT AND MY NIECE LOVES IT TOO. VERY EASY AND RIGHT FOR HER. 0Comment10 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:15
5.0 out of 5 starsI like so much ByVirginiaon November 20, 2012 Verified Purchase It's a very cute phone, the apps and sound are very cute, everything is about kitty. Excellent conditions, the send very carefull. It's lovely and works excellent in my country. Thank you so much 0Comment14 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:16
5.0 out of 5 starsCute ByAmazon Customeron December 5, 2012 Verified Purchase Great value for money The phone's default language is not English, however clear instructions to change it are right on the box. Package arrived earlier than expected as well! Gotta luv that. 11 comment9 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 1 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:17
5.0 out of 5 starsThis has been a great buy! ByMae Yasminon September 25, 2012 I bought this cellphone about a week ago and I love it! The cellphone is fast and very good size for my small hands. I would recommend this phone plus its really cute! 22 comments12 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 2 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:18
5.0 out of 5 starsNice ByPavelon January 3, 2013 Verified Purchase Its a noce phone. Cheap in price but good in quality. Recommended. so far could not find any problem with the phone. 0Comment7 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:19
5.0 out of 5 starsIN LOVE, must buy! Well worth it! ByKitty4u27on February 26, 2013 I have had this phone for about 3 weeks AND Good god, I Love it!, It does exactly what I want it to do: It's fast, holds up a lot of memory and remains fast speed, downloads apps and music instantly if its a good file, Love the look! :) You have to adjust the light on the camera but hold it steady but the pic quality is ok. The headphones are amazingly loud and great coonvenient length. Love the long charger, no complaints! Honestly! 0Comment5 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:20
5.0 out of 5 starsPurchased for my teen daughter Byglory_usaon June 12, 2013 Verified Purchase I am leery of my kid having too much technology at her fingertips and being too plugged in with internet, etc. So it was really silly of me to agree to buy her this phone. (Actually she said she'd pay me from the allowance she's saved, but I've yet to see the cash. But, I digress...) Anyway, the phone is very cute, and has nice features. It's got a functional, albeit lower grade camera on the back. She can download music, surf the web, chat with buddies on Skype, and play games like Angry Birds (one of her favorite apps). It's got custom Hello Kitty wallpaper and ringtones. The size is right, not too large like some of the smart-phones on the market. For us, it was a right fit for the price point. My daughter has been thrilled with the purchase, so we are satisfied. 0Comment2 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments
