
Review no:21
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Shri 27 Dec 2011 Good Entry Level Android phone This is around the best entry level Android smart phone and coming from Samsung, has good build quality and features. The phone does have some issues like hanging during calls sometimes and a few call drops. However this does not happen always and since it comes with Gingerbread, it is far better than most others running with Froyo. Trust me GB is way far too better than Froyo. The processor is decent and overclocking it is not recommended as it is almost running at its max capacity. For users who want to start out with Android but do not want to spend too much on a high end phone, this is the best one you can get. I have gifted it to my wife (I use Moto Defy) and she is perfectly happy with the phone. It is very light, sleek and feels very good to hold. Definitely recommend this phone and for this price, there will be no regrets at all. Was this review helpful? Yes No 92% of 24 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:22
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Mayank Sharma 26 Dec 2011 Brillant Hardware This Phone is really amazing.The features of this phone is more good than my expectation.Really guys this is best gadget for new generation.The OS,GPS,Camera,Touchscreen what what would I tell u is awesome.Really guys if you wanna purchase a new android phone and your budget is low approx 7-8 thousand than without thinking purchase this phone.Beleive me you won't become unsatisfied from this Was this review helpful? Yes No 9 of 10 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:23
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Rambir Kaushik 05 Jan 2012 Awesome mobile in budget Galaxy Y is the best android phone in such low price. Having 2.3 ginger, 2MP camera but no flash still good picture quality, all apps supported with angry bird, and all. I am using this phone since last 1 month, I purchased it from my local mkt., and it is performing well. I have installed so many aaps and games including angry bird and it is working well. Just go for it if you wanna spend around 7000~7500 go for it, its very nice phone. I am enjoying this hoping you will also be enjoy...... Was this review helpful? Yes No 82% of 11 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:24
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Venkat Mummidi 19 Mar 2012 Excellent Phone Good Buy for 7600/- About the phone: For this price, you will be more than happy to own it. Don't mind the resolution, you won't even notice it much. If people are comparing this to iphones and galaxy tabs...go get a life!, you can't buy a VW polo and expect it to have BMW features in it. The camera isn't too bad when compared to other phones with even 3mp. Even though you will have difficulty getting used to typing, eventually you will be comfortable. For those wondering were to slide in the microsd card, just open the back case and it's on the left side bottom (though it's marked MicroSD, it's difficult to notice). Please uncheck bluetooth, 3G features when you are not using them and decrease the brightness to conserve battery. Just one more advice, you do not have to charge 8 or 12 hours for the first charge as this is not a Ni-mh battery. You can stop charging when battery is fully charged which is about 3 hours. Remember to go through FAQ's in flipkart before you place the order. Was this review helpful? Yes No 5 of 6 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:25
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Anagh K N 08 Jan 2012 Great For beginners Good for mediums nott so good for experts I bought this on 7th january. Cool phone. like a mini Galaxy S2 Truely a good one for starters. but not a great for others. Start with Goods A 3 inch touchscreen. Latest OS in Android Stylish Looks Faster 3g great with wi-fi smooth maps, nagivation, Processor of over 800 mhz ( Galaxy Pop of 9k got just 600) Now what makes it not great? 3 inch ain't a huge one! Camera just 2 Mp , no flash, secondary cam Lesser features , apps Just 180MB internal! but we cant get all for 7.5k1 I would say go get it as you'll never get a phone with such features for such a price. My dad with S2 adores my Y Was this review helpful? Yes No 67% of 12 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:26
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Bd Chawngthu 25 Feb 2012 Battery No complains whatsoever for other things, but the battery drops too fast. It was fully charged at 6pm, and i didnt use it till then, wifi, gps, everything's off, now its 11pm and the battery drops to one level.... tomorrow it will drop to atleast the last level. This is dissapointing. Cant even last one day without charging :( Was this review helpful? Yes No 2 of 2 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:27
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Venkatesh Rajan 02 Feb 2012 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Decent Android phone Bought this phone few months back. It is a good phone, value for the money spent. You may not find another android phone (with latest OS) in this price tag. PROs: 1. Easy to use. Touch screen is very effective (Capacitive Panel). 2. Latest Android firmware. 3. Many applications of Google like Gmail, Maps are pre-loaded. 4. Taking multiple photos in sequence is easy; takes very less time. 5. Package comes with 2GB card; Flipkart gives additional 8GB card. 6. Great phone for starters who want to move from their regular phone to Touchscreen/Android phone. CONs: 1. If you use multimedia, games, etc, then battery doesn't last long. Otherwise, it comes for more than a day with avg. call usage. 2. Two buttons (Menu & Back) in the front panel, does not have backlight. Hence, it is difficult to pick up the spot to touch, esp in low light areas. They are also hard to press compared to the main touchscreen panel. 3. Average camera resolution, with no flash. If taking photos & videos are a priority, then this is not the phone to buy. Color Plus model comes with 4 additional back panel along with the default grey. Grey, Pink & Orange panels are textured, whereas Black & White ones are not. Was this review helpful? Yes No 2 of 2 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:28
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Rajesh K R 12 Jan 2012 My Expereience on Galaxy Y Hi, I recently brought Galaxy Y S5360 and got the delivery of the handset on 06/1/12. Unfortunately for me the hand set did not start even after charging for prescribed hours on first use, just a welcome screen would and remain for hours, later I explained this to M/s Flipkart personnel and asked for a complete refund, I have been promised by Flipkart that I will be getting the refund and they also told me that this problem is being reported more oftenly on this particular model and software. With this experience I would suggest potential buyers not to fall prey to media but to really evaluate before purchase, especially Sansung Galaxy Y 5360 model. Because it is a waste of time, effort and money. Was this review helpful? Yes No 50% of 12 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:29
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Piyush Gupta 13 Jan 2012 Bad phone ever Nothing is good about this phone Pros - its a android phone Cons - 1. Battery is very poor, hardly a day's charge 2. Screen is pixlated,not a clear view 3. most apps not compatible, screen size just 3" 4. very difficult to type an SMS, u will always click the button u didn't intended to type. 5. Samsung Kies office suite is worse 6. GPRS surfing speed is dead slow compared to a nokia 7. overall display of phone is very cheap, it gives u a feel of a chinese type phone. Overall, guys dont go for this phone, instead buy a Nokia if you have similar budget or go for high end Android. This phon'e prices are increasing everyday and its not a good deal at all. I sold this phone barely within a week at a loss. Was this review helpful? Yes No 46% of 13 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:30
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Anand Verma 09 Jan 2012 Samsung galaxy Y I purchased galaxy Y yesterday from a retailer. Its working fine except for the android market. It always displays a connection timeout error. I browsed through various discussion forums and it seems lot of people are facing this issue which is apparently an android issue and not a handset issue. However none of the solutions are not working for me. It is Was this review helpful? Yes No 2 of 3 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:31
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Irina Das Sarkar 16 Jul 2013 Great phone !! Firstly, those who are criticizing this phone for its low quality display and bad camera quality, if you want better features, pay more. It is that simple. Given the price of this phone and the features it offers, it is outstanding. You get Android 4.0.4 working right out of the box along with a 512 MB RAM, what more did you expect at around 5.5k? It features 4GB ROM, out of which around 2.3GB is usable. 2MP camera which is just about good (again, if you want more, pay more). Considering the screen size (2.8"), it obviously is not good for gaming and high def games will definitely not work. But normal casual games like temple run will run just fine. The capacitive touch screen is super smooth is responding and being a member of the galaxy family, it does come with samsung touchwiz which makes the touch response all the more smooth. Given the fact that it does not have a very strong processor or RAM, heavy applications like chrome might nor work and the net browser might crash now and then. Net browsing is fairly good, it load up webpages pretty smoothly (it takes a bit of time though), pinch to zoom might not be up to the mark but that's ok. It can stream videos from youtube, takes to buffer thought, nevertheless that feature works perfectly. Sound quality is also decent, again, considering the price and other features, you cannot expect more than this. All in all it is a pretty good phone, total value for money. Was this review helpful? Yes No 3 of 3 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:32
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Dr Bandana J 27 Jun 2013 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Video Review on YouTube, good dual sim phone Got this phone a few days back, I have done an unboxing video of the same, which is available on youtube by the title: "Samsung Galaxy Y Plus Unboxing Hyderabad Flipkart". I'll also be making more detailed reviews of the phone in the coming days, so do tune in. The phone is a good dual sim android phone, which runs Android Ice Cream Sandwich and samsung's touchwiz interface. I bought this as my secondary phone and below is my impression about the phone so far: Pros: 1. Smart Dual SIM 2. Bang for the buck 3. Good phone to experience smartphones for the first time 4. 3G connectivity at low cost Not so Good: 1. Camera is just okay 2. Browsing not too fast 3. Sluggish at times 4. Ram feels low at times Cons: 1. Resolution is pretty low, so much so that some fine text is not readable 2. Gaming not up to the mark 3. No flash 4. Chrome doesn't work, no matter what you do Overall this should be a good choice for anyone looking to try out smartphones for the first time or for anyone who intends to use this as a secondary phone. Was this review helpful? Yes No 2 of 3 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:33
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Palash Agrawal 25 Jun 2013 Super smooth but poor display ! I took the phone in a haste,just overlooking the fact that it was an android phone in an affordable range with a solid internal memory ! And the decision seems good..the phone,with a 850mhz processor is crisp in operations...even heavy games like subway surfers and temple run 2 can be played with minimum lags..almost all the functions of big samsung phones are served by this phone.. The only big drawback of this phone is its display ! Supported with a very low pixel per inch (ppi) density, the display is not pleasing ! Even for gaming lovers, the 2.8 inch screen is not a reason for delight .. Still, what all can you expect in 6000 bucks ? For meeting all the basic requirements, this phone is a great choice ..but what i ll suggest is wait for some time or exceed your budget a little.. because after all its the display what ultimately matters ! Was this review helpful? Yes No 1 of 1 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:34
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Rashmi Ranjan Kar 16 Jun 2013 Good Phone with display being a big minus !!! I am currently using this phone. Not going into specifications as already they are mentioned. Now coming directly to user experience perspective. Now this i suppose is an upgrade of Galaxy y. The upgradation is with respect to a. OS version which is ICS. b. Processor speed 800+ MHz and c. Internal Memory. Which are pros over Galaxy y. Over and all this set is good as you will have ICS/Jelly Bean, good internal memory to install all your apps from market. But wait, take a note of some cons also. What pains the users, are: a. The dispaly size is very less. At a price tag of around Rs. 6400, users can minimum expect a 3 inch display screen, when any other mobile manufacturer is also providing. Display Stats: 240 x 320 pixels, 2.8 inches (~143 ppi pixel density) is really pathetic and causes issues in proper readability. Small Screen and low resolution kills the display (forget about video watching experience). Mind this very carefully as you will feel this first when you hold this phone in your hands. I always find my fingers big enough for the tiny display screen. b. Somehow i feel the internet speed is not that fast using this phone. I have downloaded apps from Google Play using WiFi. But the speed seems slow compared to Sony Xperia Tipo or Htc Explorer. c. Battery life is another issue. Around 1200 mAh battery makes you charge in every 10-12 hours with average mobile usage (with free apps for battery life installed). d. The earphone shipped with the box is average and music listening experince is nothing that much noteworthy. Though sound clarity is satisfactory. * Verdict:: For below/equal Rs.7000 budget cap, If dual sim is a requirement with satisfactory voice quality you can go with buying this phone but you have to compromise with display. If dual sim is not your immediate requirement then i would suggest you to go for any of the below two (used both of them) : 1. Sony Xperia Tipo --> (Display: 4/5, Sound: 4/5, Internal Memory: 5/5, Processor: 4/5, OS Support: 5/5, Battery Life: 4.5/5 , Features: 4.5/5) Price: min Rs 6600 2. Htc Explorer --> (Display: 4.5/5, Sound: 4/5 (need to buy htc earphones separately), Internal Memory: 2/5, Processor: 3.5/5, OS Support: 3/5 (No ICS upgrade), Battery Life: 3.5/5, Features: 4/5) Price: min Rs 6400 3. Do some research also for other new entrants in that price cap. Was this review helpful? Yes No 1 of 2 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:35
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Harmeet Lamba 08 Apr 2013 its y minus at a higher price this phone is just a downgraded version of samsung galaxy y . samsung galaxy y has a 3 inch screen and y plus has a 2.8 inch screen . battery of both phones is the same . the y plus wins in internal storage it has 4 gb and y has 190 mb . speed of these phones is same . gaming is same. screen size of y plus is very small . problem of internal storage of y can be solved by rooting the phone . Was this review helpful? Yes No 1 of 2 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:36
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Amitava Gupta 22 May 2013 @Shankar: Go for Galaxy Y Plus I anyway wanted to write a brief review of this phone. Was seeing other reviews and came across Shankar's query. He seems to be in my position, who wants to buy a basic smart phone with decent features but isn't much into the techno-space. Lemme try and help him. A89 is probably the only model in the Micromax stable that has got a fairly positive response from genuine users (and not those paid reviewer types). That's probably a nice phone. But you need to keep two things in mind. 1) No one can guarantee how long a micromax is going to perform properly. and 2) When this phone starts malfunctioning, you're screwed because after-sales service is virtually non-existent with companies like Micromax, Karbonn, Lava and sorts. So, though both the phones have comparable features, Samsung should be your choice. Now coming to this Galaxy Y Plus handset, let's agree that as this is prices at lower 6000, you don't really expect this phone to work like S4. If you buy a smartphone @6290, you're buying a compromise. So be happy with it. This phone is pretty smooth, doesn't hang much, response is quite prompt, display is nice. The very fact that you're getting ICS at this price bracket should make you grin. Internal memory is great. I'm not at all a gamer so can;t comment on that. But it's understood that it should not be the choice of heavy gamers. Audio output through earphone is all right, though the speaker is pathetic. Camera is awful. Battery back up is up to mark. And the biggest lie that Samsung told is the 4 GB internal memory. It actually has 1.95 GB. I don't know why they lied but it's a very big turn off. Was this review helpful? Yes No 1 of 3 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:37
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Shashank Udupa... 11 Aug 2015 Decent phone. This was my first smartphone. Though it does not have great specifiaction, its still in working condition. I am happy for it. Was this review helpful? Yes No 0 of 0 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:38
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Soumya Sarkar 11 Dec 2014 Pretty decent purchase You wont get better than this phone @ this price. I am using this phone for last 1.5 year and so many times it has fallen from my hand but still there is no issues. Its true that sometimes it gets slower, its camera quality is average but I am totally satisfied with this product because my money is not wasted. its touch is smooth. I have seen many friends of mine using other branded phones having display processors and all with higher Cost but worse performance. If you want to buy Android in this range then don't see other phones. Just go for it! Was this review helpful? Yes No 0 of 0 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:39
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Harsh Thakur 07 Jul 2014 not satisfied Its not a good mobile , as I am a user of this mobile , its audio quality is not good , camera is not good and front camera is not there , RAM is OK , but other things are bad and screen size is also small , not good and specs are very bad , it is very bad for gaming , nothing is fine and so.. I hate this phone. Canvas Viva is better than this Was this review helpful? Yes No 0 of 0 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:40
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Manamohana Holla K 05 Jun 2014 Worst mobile Worst phone ever seen. Pros - 1) Good Touch, 2) Clear voice on calls 3) Supports most of the apps. 4) Camera is good on this range. You cant expect more from this much low cost. 5) Hard built body. If it falls from high also, no prblem. Cons - 1) Very very very very slow, Sometimes it takes more than 30sec to open call history or phone book.. ahhh very boring 2) Suddenly without knowing it switchess off, and take several minutes to switch it on. 3) After normal switching on, you have to wait atleast 5mins to run it. Otherwise it 'll not work properly 4) Suddenly it comes to homepage when you are running apps. Then for some minutes you cant do anything. Was this review helpful? Yes No 0 of 0 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:41
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Deepon Saha 02 Mar 2012 Good phone with few cons This version is more or less similar to that of its predecessor(Galaxy Y). It has increased its RAM for better performance but uses the same 832 Mhz processor. But, remember that it has to handle two sims on standby, so I won't expect much higher performance. Pros: 1. 3.14 inch screen. 2. 3.15Mp Camera. Cons: 1. No camera flash. 2. Dual standby sim, not dual active. Was this review helpful? Yes No 92% of 102 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:42
★★★★★ ★★★★★ musthafa niyas 08 Apr 2012 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Good Phone with less battery I bought it 3 weeks before. Some features that I like of this handy phone are: SMS is showing as gmail threads and is interesting. I installed MX video player and was able to play movies with very good gesture controls. It gives 127 ppi screen, which s better than laptops ~112 ppi. It is able to play avi, mp4, mkv and a lot. while playing mp4, player is using hardware decoder and feels betteer. Also since resolution is 320x240 converted file will be lower size. (Convert files to mp4 with Xvid decoder for good clarity) I think it'll be good if samsung comes with 3.5" screen with same form factor. (they can do if they remove the company name from front view as Apple) I installed MyMusic player for playing audio with lyrics. Other things marked with following grade n-no, y-yes, 1- worst, 2-bad, 3-normal, 4-good, 5-excellent tabbed call log -n threaded cal log -n call record -n voice quality -4 text editing easiness -5 vibrator -2 PC suite -y battery % indication -n battery backup -2 (stays 1 day if calling 2 hours) cell info display -n back key -y option key -y enable-able menu -n folder creation -n vol keys -y play/pause -on headphone fwd/back -n _Issues: delivery report not shown as symbol on each msg. but it is shown in details. USB mass storage not working with Win7 even after installing Kies software. If keeping network on, automatically trasfer data, I dont know which app is the culprit. With 3.14" screen pdf reading is difficult since word wrapping not supported in pdf. Doc and txt ok. min. voice level is high. Switching back from flight mode is not working some times. _Improvements expecting: 3.5" screen more battery life gorilla glass individual sim activation could have shown in power key options _Interesting apps MX Player MyMusic Task List Checklist Moon+ Reader WordWeb Dictionary Simple Spreadsheet Text Edit X-plore Dual File Manager Google Docs _Interesting games Raging Thunder Block Puzzle Bubble Shoot Glow Hockey Unblock Pool Master Was this review helpful? Yes No 93% of 55 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:43
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Balasubramanya... 12 Mar 2012 A Decent Dual Sim Phone I got this mobile couple of days back and it met with my expectation. Before purchasing this, i heard like, switching the sim is difficult etc. But switching between is very easy, it just two touch! Pros: Very good touch screen. (Its fast) Sound Quality and Network capacity is good. Wifi, Net access is easy. 3.14 Inches touch screen (Which is very cool actually) Good Battery life. Cons: 1. I dont believe it is 3 PM camera! Its not that grt. No Flash, No front camera.. Wokey.. 9.2k.. we cant expect it should work like a Laptop!. its a cool phone. 15 days over, not facing any big problem. Was this review helpful? Yes No 93% of 30 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:44
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Rajeev 08 Mar 2012 Galaxy Y or Galaxy Y Duos I personally do not see anything special about this phone. Quite disappointing product from Samsung. It has : 1. Dual SIM which is NOT ACTIVE...... quite useless. 2. No Front Facing Camera... so no Video call. 3. No LED Flash ...... comes in quite handy. 4. Only 0.14 inch bigger screen size than Samsung Galaxy Y with same resolution. 5. Only 100 mAh more battery power..... but also 2 SIM. If it does not give at least one of the features mentioned above from point 1-3, then what is the point spending about Rs. 1600 more for this phone. There is hardly any substantial difference between Galaxy Y and Galaxy Y Duos other than the price. Rather buy Samsung Galaxy Y (which comes in at least 2 colours and 3 different coloured back covers and lots of accessories) than Galaxy Duos. Was this review helpful? Yes No 79% of 95 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:45
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Gagan Grover 26 Apr 2012 BUDGET DUAL SIM ANDROID PHONE I am using this phone for almost two months and here are the pros and cons of this phone. PROS 1. Dual sim android phone. 2. Lots of apps (Android). 3. Nice look and feel. 4. Email/Chat Apps.(Google Apps) CONS 1. Pathetic Camera/ No Flash. 2. No front camera. 3. Pixel density very bad. 4. Low volume on speakerphone. 5. Very less internal memory (160 MB). Don't buy any android phone with less internal memory because most of the good android apps install only in phone memory and there is no support to transfer them to SD card. If you install more apps you will find a high lag in your phone even when you are opening a keypad. 6. Battery backup only one day. Don't expect much from this phone in terms of performance, if you are looking for a dual sim feature with android and ready to compensate on others then only go for it. Was this review helpful? Yes No 8 of 8 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:46
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Taufeeq Pathan 30 May 2012 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Awesome phone...!!! It is very gud phone.. with a very features. good camera and sound quality.. but secondary camera is needed.. Advantage: talking about processor speed and memory(RAM) and phone memory were both in same models..this is extraordinary @ price size is 3 inches its quite good @price cam quality with 2mp its quite good when compare to other phones which have 2 mp... galaxy ace consists of 5mp and led flash too and 3.5 inches and extra 200 adreno seperate processor for gaming this are the difference between ace and this beauty other features all same in both... even u had geo tagging too.. performance is good.. @price listen songs MP3 in this phone quite awesome & rocking effects.. I assure even in my galaxy ace also i didnt get this effect..so if u r music lovers go with this one..Iam guarantee..but buy good earphone ..what samsung provided earphones is not at all good... :) Desighn & grip is awesome its look like small iphone ..gauranteed.. Disadvantages: Screen size resolution is is little bit low .samsung had failed in this issue if this has been lifted little bit more Iam sure nobody can beat this phone.......but its ok its not at all that much worst if u think about the price i already said this is an entry level androiders especially for students and youth @ pocket money..best... while typing i found little bit difficult to type bcoz due to smaller screen letters were small ..so my big fingers were not suited for typing comfortably.. :) dont worry u can download gingerbread keyboard from market ..it suits well and good for big fingers like me..:) literally if u want to feel a really android experience u need to go for more than equal to 3.5 inches screen... Was this review helpful? Yes No 6 of 6 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:47
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Sanks 05 Mar 2012 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. No dedicated SIM switch Key Hi All, Ordered and Got thru Flipkart.com. First impression Phone is good. The phone has no Dedicated SIM switch key like LG P698 (or no facility like Micromax touch mobiles - QUBE touch mobile, will ask which SIM1 or SIM2 while calling / SMS sending ). Painful to select which SIM before, if you want to call contacts in SIM1 or SIM2 depending upon your choice. Let me evaluate further and post more details on PROS and CONS of battery, network reception etc.... Was this review helpful? Yes No 9 of 10 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:48
★★★★★ ★★★★★ thakur 03 Mar 2012 good this is a form of encapsulation of all necessory features which is avialable in any expensive galaxy phone so it is an atom bomb but it have some problem like unexpected memory card remove prob. and if u instal much apps then mobile goes to hanging problem Was this review helpful? Yes No 71% of 21 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:49
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Sayandeep Kundu 31 Oct 2012 Yes and "Oh NO" Well, Those were my reactions! The former one when I bought it and the latter one when I used it.I had this craze of buying my first Android model and given my budget constraint of 8500 bucks I went for this one and that's when it all started. Almost all the features provided by this model is almost satisfactory but the battery life. Simply put "it sucks". If you are using any of the things like music, videos or even surfing web for an hour you'd see the battery bar come down to around 40% that was fully charged earlier. It hardly goes for a day if fully charged once. So if you're planning to take this phone on a trip then you have no option rather taking an extra battery with you. If I could manage 3000 more bucks, then maybe I'd have definitely opted the biggest android seller in the world- HTC of course. HTC perhaps would have offered me with Android 4.0. Albeit I ain't sure about the battery life in the meanwhile, maybe it'd have been a better deal that comes with Android 4.0. "Be Careful What You Wish For Folks" Was this review helpful? Yes No 3 of 3 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:50
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Sajid Mohammed 08 Apr 2012 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Good Phone with WORST BATTERY I purchasd this phone from Flipcart, I must say flipcart service is really great. I got this phone with some factory technical issues, I called flipcart they have promised a replacement for the same in 2-4 business days and I am waiting for that ,hope to get my phone soon. I used this phone just two days and based on my two days use, I would say this phone has some pros and cons as well; CONS: 1. WORST Battery Backup: It lasts only 2-2:30 hrs when using 2g or 3g, and I did not check it in stand by or only on calling. 2. Camera 3mp: Doesn't seem a 3 mp camera, photograph is not good. 3. No Flash 4. No front Camera 5. Dual Sim not active (You can't get call on other sim while using one) 6. Less sound on speaker mode. 7. Music sound and quality are not so impressive on speaker. 8. No voice and Video chat support on gtalk, yahoo messanger. PROS: 1. Great Touch. 2. Nice Look 3. Dual Sim 4. Easy to configure emails. 5. You can configure many email accounts (Better than Blackberry) 6. Gmail App preloaded 7. GPS 7. Easy to switch from one sim to other. 8. Preloaded many apps like You Tube 9. Supports almost all Apps. 10.Android Market access. 11.Notification. 12.Wi-fi works really great. Let me get my replacement phone, would post more after using my new phone. -- Sajid Mohammed Was this review helpful? Yes No 3 of 3 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse
