{"review17":{"Score":9.0,"Title":"Cute","Body":"Great value for money The phone's default language is not English, however clear instructions to change it are right on the box. Package arrived earlier than expected as well! Gotta luv that."},"review18":{"Score":1.2,"Title":"This has been a great buy!","Body":"I bought this cellphone about a week ago and I love it! The cellphone is fast and very good size for my small hands. I would recommend this phone plus its really cute!"},"review15":{"Score":1.0,"Title":"The unlocked phone is AWESOME.","Body":"I really did not know what to get for my niece. Browsing Amazon for an iPad become a job for a day and suddenly she fell in love with the Samsung Hello Kitty Phone. I wasn't really enthusiastic, especially reading other reviews. So, with the price it was gonna save me money. I ordered and it came fully in a secure package. I opened and I was amazed at how neat the little thing was. I played with it and watch videos on it. It has built in WiFi, 2GB SD card, USB cord, Charger and happy ringtones. Awesome for teens. One good tip: GO TO SAMSUNG KIES AND DOWNLOAD SAMSUNG KIES SO YOUR NEW HELLO KITTY PHONE WILL BE ABLE TO SYNC MUSIC AND PHOTOS. IT IS BECAUSE THE DEVICE IS FOREIGN. BOTTOM LINE: I LOVE IT AND MY NIECE LOVES IT TOO. VERY EASY AND RIGHT FOR HER."},"review16":{"Score":1.4000001,"Title":"I like so much","Body":"It's a very cute phone, the apps and sound are very cute, everything is about kitty. Excellent conditions, the send very carefull. It's lovely and works excellent in my country. Thank you so much"},"review13":{"Score":1.7,"Title":"Super CUTE!","Body":"Pros It's Hello Kitty Small enough to fit in pocket or a coin purse. Uses a SIM card. Has a hole for charms or a strap. It has WiFi and Blue Tooth capabilities. It runs on Android. It can use a Micro SD card up to 32 gig. Uses a standard 3.5 mm headphone jack. It was unlocked. Will work with an American charger. Has a predictive text option. Auto rotation. It's under $200 US dollars. Multiple language options. Will work on American Mobile networks. You just need a little patients and some understanding of how international mobile networks operate. More on that later. It can be used as a Wifi Hotspot. My Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo 3DS XL were both able to connect to it. Has a speaker phone option. Has voice recognition software for searching or taking memos. Swype can be used if you don't like the small virtual QWERTY key pad. American apps will work on this phone. Things that could have been better... 2 mega pixcel camera has no dedicated camera button. Radio needs headphones to be plugged in in order to function. I don't know about other people but my phone didn't come with the default Hello Kitty software. It came with the standard software for the regular Samsung Galaxy Y. NO HK power up\/down animation. NO HK icons. NO HK wallpapers. NO HK ringtones. Lucky there are a lot of downloadable HK theme sets on the Google Play Market. Some of them are FREE. If you are brave or smart enough you can also root your phone. Or you can download a custom HK rom. Just a little warning for American buyers. This phone is not quite 3G compatible here in the USA. We use a different cell phone radio frequency then Europe and Asia. They use GSM-900 and GSM-1800 but we use GSM-850 and GSM-1900. Somebody please correct me if I'm wrong. It will connect to American mobile networks but it will use EDGE. There is no software work around for this. This phone just doesn't have the right HARDWARE to pick up American 3G. Since it will only work on EDGE here, internet will be kinda slow. But from my experience calls, text, and e-mail will work normally. If you have access to WiFi, then please use it when ever possible. I can't call this a con at all. I can't get mad at Samsung or at my provider ATT. Samsung had no idea that we Americans would import this phone. American cell phone service providers like ATT can't be forced to use European\/Asian cell phone frequencies. Samsung has also made an official announcement that there will be no more OS upgrades for the Galaxy Y phones. The last upgrade is Android 2.3.6 so if you really want Jelly Bean, you'll have to look around on the net if you can't program a custom OS yourself. Some folks have complained about the small screen size. Not an issue for me. I'm used to the small size of Nintendo DS screens. Some folks have complained about call sound quality. I have not noticed any sound distortion. People I have called say I sound very clear. I can hear them very clearly as well. As for text and messaging issues, contact your provider. Chances are, the APN setting may need tweaking. If you get a SIM card error, just contact your provider. They may be able to transfer your stuff over to a new SIM card for a small fee. Something under $10. Some MUST have accessories. Miss Kitty is a fashionable young lady is she not? XD I have heard that the touch screen of the Galaxy Y is not made of the same material as it's family members. A screen protector will take care of any scratches. A case! There are a few that would look good on this phone and not cover up Miss Kitty's pretty face. Amazon has a clear\/frost white TPU gel case. There's a also a clear\/frost pink TPU case that look cute too. A stylus! Amazon sells some universal capacitive touch screen styli that would match perfectly. I haven't seen any HK ones but a plain white or pink would go very well with this phone. Amazon also sells a lot of HK themed cell phone accessories like charms, holsters, and straps. If you love Hello Kitty, just take this product for what it is. Don't get all huffy just because it's not a as fast as an American smart Phone, you've been warned!"},"review14":{"Score":2.8000002,"Title":"is a awesome phone","Body":"Love this phone. It works great plus it has everything my DROID did. All i had to do is but a sim card and call and activate to t mobile. This phone can also be set up on any network that uses sim cards."},"review11":{"Score":3.0,"Title":"Lovin' it","Body":"Got this after I dumped MetroPCS service ( no coverage at the house and no help from Metro). Went with Consumer Cellular because they piggyback onto the ATT system but no conteact. They sent me a SIM, I threw it in and it worked right off. The only thing that's annoying is that the screen is VERY sensitive. If you hover above a button too long, it'll activate it. Otherwise, great performance, good price."},"review12":{"Score":6.0,"Title":"For the price, simply fantastic!","Body":"This is a quick review of the Samsung Galaxy Y S5360, Hello Kitty edition. ;)"},"review10":{"Score":3.0,"Title":"Small phone in a big phone world, but does the job.","Body":"Awesome, compact, dual sim phone. I live in one country and work in another so I needed a dual sim phone. This phone is very compact but does support two full size sim cards (not micro sim). It has input for the google store so you can download apps and it has all the other features one would need in a smart phone. It's nice and small - I don't want a huge 5\" phone screen and this one serves the purpose perfectly. The resolution on the screen is okay...but definitely not as good as a ipad\/iphone or other smart phones. If you're planning to watch movies on your phone maybe get something else but for a youtube video now and again this phone works fine. SOME IMPORTANT DETAILS - Volume - the in call volume isn't as loud as other phones I've had and the speakerphone isn't great either. It does great in most scenarios but in a noisy car on the freeway it can be hard to hear. Memory - This phone has a tiny amount of memory so if you want to install a bunch of apps make sure to get a sim card. If you want to install big apps on the phone you're in trouble but I'll tell you how to get around that. # 1 - Root your phone - this will allow you to do lots of cool stuff # 2 - Get a big SD card. I got a 32GB card and it works well with this phone # 3 - I installed a program called link2SD so I can make my apps always save on my SD card..not on my phone memory. This allows me to add about 500% more apps to this phone than you could do stock. There are some tutorials online on how to do this. #4 - The screen resolution means many google store games and apps may not be available for your phone (they will block you from downloading the app) - there are ways to make google store think you have a different phone and make an app work on this phone but many will not. Switching between sim cards is easy and I can get 3G in the US which you cannot do with many of the other dual sim phones from china, etc. Overall I'm happy with the little phone. As a dude I always feel silly with a huge tablet phone or anything larger than a iphone. This phone is small and fits in my pocket easily. I use it everyday and search the internet, buy stuff on amazon, check my email, listen to adam carolla on his app, etc."},"review51":{"Score":100.0,"Title":"Good Phone with WORST BATTERY","Body":"I purchasd this phone from Flipcart, I must say flipcart service is really great. I got this phone with some factory technical issues, I called flipcart they have promised a replacement for the same in 2-4 business days and I am waiting for that ,hope to get my phone soon. I used this phone just two days and based on my two days use, I would say this phone has some pros and cons as well; CONS: 1. WORST Battery Backup: It lasts only 2-2:30 hrs when using 2g or 3g, and I did not check it in stand by or only on calling. 2. Camera 3mp: Doesn't seem a 3 mp camera, photograph is not good. 3. No Flash 4. No front Camera 5. Dual Sim not active (You can't get call on other sim while using one) 6. Less sound on speaker mode. 7. Music sound and quality are not so impressive on speaker. 8. No voice and Video chat support on gtalk, yahoo messanger. PROS: 1. Great Touch. 2. Nice Look 3. Dual Sim 4. Easy to configure emails. 5. You can configure many email accounts (Better than Blackberry) 6. Gmail App preloaded 7. GPS 7. Easy to switch from one sim to other. 8. Preloaded many apps like You Tube 9. Supports almost all Apps. 10.Android Market access. 11.Notification. 12.Wi-fi works really great. Let me get my replacement phone, would post more after using my new phone. -- Sajid Mohammed"},"review50":{"Score":100.0,"Title":"Yes and \"Oh NO\"","Body":"Well, Those were my reactions! The former one when I bought it and the latter one when I used it.I had this craze of buying my first Android model and given my budget constraint of 8500 bucks I went for this one and that's when it all started. Almost all the features provided by this model is almost satisfactory but the battery life. Simply put \"it sucks\". If you are using any of the things like music, videos or even surfing web for an hour you'd see the battery bar come down to around 40% that was fully charged earlier. It hardly goes for a day if fully charged once. So if you're planning to take this phone on a trip then you have no option rather taking an extra battery with you. If I could manage 3000 more bucks, then maybe I'd have definitely opted the biggest android seller in the world- HTC of course. HTC perhaps would have offered me with Android 4.0. Albeit I ain't sure about the battery life in the meanwhile, maybe it'd have been a better deal that comes with Android 4.0. \"Be Careful What You Wish For Folks\""},"review48":{"Score":90.0,"Title":"No dedicated SIM switch Key","Body":"Hi All, Ordered and Got thru Flipkart.com. First impression Phone is good. The phone has no Dedicated SIM switch key like LG P698 (or no facility like Micromax touch mobiles - QUBE touch mobile, will ask which SIM1 or SIM2 while calling \/ SMS sending ). Painful to select which SIM before, if you want to call contacts in SIM1 or SIM2 depending upon your choice. Let me evaluate further and post more details on PROS and CONS of battery, network reception etc...."},"review49":{"Score":71.0,"Title":"good","Body":"this is a form of encapsulation of all necessory features which is avialable in any expensive galaxy phone so it is an atom bomb but it have some problem like unexpected memory card remove prob. and if u instal much apps then mobile goes to hanging problem"},"review46":{"Score":100.0,"Title":"BUDGET DUAL SIM ANDROID PHONE","Body":"I am using this phone for almost two months and here are the pros and cons of this phone. PROS 1. Dual sim android phone. 2. Lots of apps (Android). 3. Nice look and feel. 4. Email\/Chat Apps.(Google Apps) CONS 1. Pathetic Camera\/ No Flash. 2. No front camera. 3. Pixel density very bad. 4. Low volume on speakerphone. 5. Very less internal memory (160 MB). Don't buy any android phone with less internal memory because most of the good android apps install only in phone memory and there is no support to transfer them to SD card. If you install more apps you will find a high lag in your phone even when you are opening a keypad. 6. Battery backup only one day. Don't expect much from this phone in terms of performance, if you are looking for a dual sim feature with android and ready to compensate on others then only go for it."},"review47":{"Score":100.0,"Title":"Awesome phone...!!!","Body":"It is very gud phone.. with a very features. good camera and sound quality.. but secondary camera is needed.. Advantage: talking about processor speed and memory(RAM) and phone memory were both in same models..this is extraordinary @ price size is 3 inches its quite good @price cam quality with 2mp its quite good when compare to other phones which have 2 mp... galaxy ace consists of 5mp and led flash too and 3.5 inches and extra 200 adreno seperate processor for gaming this are the difference between ace and this beauty other features all same in both... even u had geo tagging too.. performance is good.. @price listen songs MP3 in this phone quite awesome & rocking effects.. I assure even in my galaxy ace also i didnt get this effect..so if u r music lovers go with this one..Iam guarantee..but buy good earphone ..what samsung provided earphones is not at all good... :) Desighn & grip is awesome its look like small iphone ..gauranteed.. Disadvantages: Screen size resolution is is little bit low .samsung had failed in this issue if this has been lifted little bit more Iam sure nobody can beat this phone.......but its ok its not at all that much worst if u think about the price i already said this is an entry level androiders especially for students and youth @ pocket money..best... while typing i found little bit difficult to type bcoz due to smaller screen letters were small ..so my big fingers were not suited for typing comfortably.. :) dont worry u can download gingerbread keyboard from market ..it suits well and good for big fingers like me..:) literally if u want to feel a really android experience u need to go for more than equal to 3.5 inches screen..."},"review44":{"Score":93.0,"Title":"A Decent Dual Sim Phone","Body":"I got this mobile couple of days back and it met with my expectation. Before purchasing this, i heard like, switching the sim is difficult etc. But switching between is very easy, it just two touch! Pros: Very good touch screen. (Its fast) Sound Quality and Network capacity is good. Wifi, Net access is easy. 3.14 Inches touch screen (Which is very cool actually) Good Battery life. Cons: 1. I dont believe it is 3 PM camera! Its not that grt. No Flash, No front camera.. Wokey.. 9.2k.. we cant expect it should work like a Laptop!. its a cool phone. 15 days over, not facing any big problem."},"review45":{"Score":79.0,"Title":"Galaxy Y or Galaxy Y Duos","Body":"I personally do not see anything special about this phone. Quite disappointing product from Samsung. It has : 1. Dual SIM which is NOT ACTIVE...... quite useless. 2. No Front Facing Camera... so no Video call. 3. No LED Flash ...... comes in quite handy. 4. Only 0.14 inch bigger screen size than Samsung Galaxy Y with same resolution. 5. Only 100 mAh more battery power..... but also 2 SIM. If it does not give at least one of the features mentioned above from point 1-3, then what is the point spending about Rs. 1600 more for this phone. There is hardly any substantial difference between Galaxy Y and Galaxy Y Duos other than the price. Rather buy Samsung Galaxy Y (which comes in at least 2 colours and 3 different coloured back covers and lots of accessories) than Galaxy Duos."},"review42":{"Score":92.0,"Title":"Good phone with few cons","Body":"This version is more or less similar to that of its predecessor(Galaxy Y). It has increased its RAM for better performance but uses the same 832 Mhz processor. But, remember that it has to handle two sims on standby, so I won't expect much higher performance. Pros: 1. 3.14 inch screen. 2. 3.15Mp Camera. Cons: 1. No camera flash. 2. Dual standby sim, not dual active."},"review43":{"Score":93.0,"Title":"Good Phone with less battery","Body":"I bought it 3 weeks before. Some features that I like of this handy phone are: SMS is showing as gmail threads and is interesting. I installed MX video player and was able to play movies with very good gesture controls. It gives 127 ppi screen, which s better than laptops ~112 ppi. It is able to play avi, mp4, mkv and a lot. while playing mp4, player is using hardware decoder and feels betteer. Also since resolution is 320x240 converted file will be lower size. (Convert files to mp4 with Xvid decoder for good clarity) I think it'll be good if samsung comes with 3.5\" screen with same form factor. (they can do if they remove the company name from front view as Apple) I installed MyMusic player for playing audio with lyrics. Other things marked with following grade n-no, y-yes, 1- worst, 2-bad, 3-normal, 4-good, 5-excellent tabbed call log -n threaded cal log -n call record -n voice quality -4 text editing easiness -5 vibrator -2 PC suite -y battery % indication -n battery backup -2 (stays 1 day if calling 2 hours) cell info display -n back key -y option key -y enable-able menu -n folder creation -n vol keys -y play\/pause -on headphone fwd\/back -n _Issues: delivery report not shown as symbol on each msg. but it is shown in details. USB mass storage not working with Win7 even after installing Kies software. If keeping network on, automatically trasfer data, I dont know which app is the culprit. With 3.14\" screen pdf reading is difficult since word wrapping not supported in pdf. Doc and txt ok. min. voice level is high. Switching back from flight mode is not working some times. _Improvements expecting: 3.5\" screen more battery life gorilla glass individual sim activation could have shown in power key options _Interesting apps MX Player MyMusic Task List Checklist Moon+ Reader WordWeb Dictionary Simple Spreadsheet Text Edit X-plore Dual File Manager Google Docs _Interesting games Raging Thunder Block Puzzle Bubble Shoot Glow Hockey Unblock Pool Master"},"review40":{"Score":null,"Title":"not satisfied","Body":"Its not a good mobile , as I am a user of this mobile , its audio quality is not good , camera is not good and front camera is not there , RAM is OK , but other things are bad and screen size is also small , not good and specs are very bad , it is very bad for gaming , nothing is fine and so.. I hate this phone. Canvas Viva is better than this"},"review41":{"Score":null,"Title":"Worst mobile","Body":"Worst phone ever seen. Pros - 1) Good Touch, 2) Clear voice on calls 3) Supports most of the apps. 4) Camera is good on this range. You cant expect more from this much low cost. 5) Hard built body. If it falls from high also, no prblem. Cons - 1) Very very very very slow, Sometimes it takes more than 30sec to open call history or phone book.. ahhh very boring 2) Suddenly without knowing it switchess off, and take several minutes to switch it on. 3) After normal switching on, you have to wait atleast 5mins to run it. Otherwise it 'll not work properly 4) Suddenly it comes to homepage when you are running apps. Then for some minutes you cant do anything."},"review7":{"Score":5.0,"Title":"Very practical and handy phone","Body":"I bought it mainly because of the dual-sim card feature and the Samsung reputation. I needed Android, but didn't care about the processing power and resolution because I am not highly glued to the phone. This phone turned out to be a perfect fit for my needs. I have no complaints about the processing speed. It is good enough for light use. The audio is great. The external speaker is a surprise with its rich sound quality. The screen resolution is clearly low. It is not meant for someone who would do a lot of browsing or picture viewing. The build is very strong and looks like good quality. I have already tested it once by dropping it (unintentionally). Only item that I miss on this phone is the front camera for video chat. Other than that, this phone has everything. A great value for the price!"},"review39":{"Score":null,"Title":"Pretty decent purchase","Body":"You wont get better than this phone @ this price. I am using this phone for last 1.5 year and so many times it has fallen from my hand but still there is no issues. Its true that sometimes it gets slower, its camera quality is average but I am totally satisfied with this product because my money is not wasted. its touch is smooth. I have seen many friends of mine using other branded phones having display processors and all with higher Cost but worse performance. If you want to buy Android in this range then don't see other phones. Just go for it!"},"review6":{"Score":1.4000001,"Title":"Functional and reliable, but no reason to buy when Sony is the same price","Body":"Basic conclusions for the three phones discussed below, as well as some travel tips: Sony Xperia Tipo Dual-SIM ST21A2 ($129)- nicest screen and camera, has dual SIMs. If you need dual SIMs, this is by far the best phone for the money that I found. The charger handles both US and European voltages for charging, but it only came with US plug, so need a European plug adaptor (should be $5 or less). LG LG P350 Optimus Me ($89)- Basic, reliable phone. about 1\/3 cheaper than the Sony and Samsung models I looked at. The LG phone was the only one that came with an adaptor for both US and European (not UK) electrical outlets. Samsung Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 ($127)- No reason to buy this phone. Similarly priced Sony phone was superior in every way. The charger handles both US and European voltages for charging, but it only came with US plug, so need a European plug adaptor (should be $5 or less). In a nutshell, these are small form factor smart phones (think palm of your hand) that use old (but inexpensive) technology to deliver very basic smartphone performance (not good for games). The main upside for the Sony phone turned out to be better screen resolution and brightness and a better camera than similar price\/size phones. The other advantage is that it is sold directly by Amazon, which means more reliable shipping times and very little chance of getting a knock-off, or used or refurb phone that wasn't properly disclosed. I purchased three different \"smart phones\" for a recent family trip to France (Paris and Nice, and some side trips), and I will compare them here. They were the Sony Xperia Tipo Dual-SIM ST21A2 Phone (about $129), a Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 ($127), and LG P350 Optimus Me ($89). All are unlocked GSM quad band phones, which is what you need for pre-paid service in Europe (LTE smart phones are still expensive, so not part of this discussion). For a tourist, pre-paid service is the cheapest route, and you don't get any unexpected charges. Using your US phone with an \"international\" plan is really expensive in my experience, especially for data. I wanted basic smartphone functionality, which included wifi, GPS, email, texting, and voice. Didn't really care about the camera and wasn't willing to pay up for a phone to play games on (can use your US phone with Wifi for that anyway). I have looked at the cheaper voice only or legacy feature phones, but they aren't that inexpensive (usually $30-$50) and seem to have reliability issues for the really cheap ones. Plus, if you think about how you are likely use a phone in a foreign country, being able to pull up a maps screen and pinpoint your location and find nearby food, medical, etc is a huge benefit. Also, for texting I wanted a keyboard, not a legacy phone keypad. All three phones performed their tasks reliably and competently. The GPS is especially helpful when you are overseas and don't speak the langauge. The GPS also efficiently integrated with Google Maps on all three phones, which meant I could use the full Google search engine to find restaurants or store places (useful if you switch phones and log in under your Google ID). One difference among the three phones was that the Sony and Samsung were dual SIM, while the LG was single SIM. The SIM card is what lets you use a particular carrier's service and provides your phone's phone number, etc. Having dual sim cards would let you switch between carriers without opening your phone, removing the battery, and also keeps you from losing the other sim card when you aren't using it. I just used one sim card per phone on this trip, but if you were driving though different countries in Europe or wanted a separate data provider, you might want to have dual sim cards. If I didn't need dual SIM cards, I would just go with the LG phone b\/c it had all the functionality I needed at the lowest cost. The Sony phone is much nicer, though. The Samsung phone was basically identical to the LG phone in terms of functionality, but it had an extra SIM slot. Also, battery life was great on all three phones. When out and about, I typically turn WiFi off so the phone doesn't waste battery looking for wifi, so this helps. But I run GPS pretty much the whole day. I also set the screen to turn off on the shortest possible interval. Doing this I got about two days of use (a lot of texting, emailing, moderate maps use, not a lot of voice usage) out of a single charge. If you use a tone of battery, all three phones have a removable battery, so you could order an extra and keep it with you, but I don't see that as a huge problem. A note on signing up for service: I did try ordering a SIM from Orange from Amazon before I left. This was a waste of time and much more expensive than doing it in France at an Orange store (I know b\/c I went to the Orange store in Paris). The Amazon SIM was $29.99 and included about five Euro of benefit- i.e. you are paying $25 for the physical SIM card, and then you have to go online and sign up for a calling plan. If you visit one of the many Orange (or another carrier's) stores in France, here is what I paid- For twenty Euro I got a SIM card with unlimited voice and texting for the month plus 150 mb of data and a five Euro credit. I also paid ten Euro for an extra 500mb of data. So for 30 Euro, I got unlimited voice and texting, plus a five Euro credit and 650mb of data during my stay. Also, rate for using your cell to call to the US was 0.09 Euro cents per minute, so the five Euro credit gave you almost an hour of calling back to the states. The phone data plans do not allow you to use cellular data for skype, but you can use wifi to skype. To recap- buying a SIM card in the US- $29 and you get only a five Euro credit. buying the SIM card in France- 30 Euro and you get a five Euro credit plus unlimited voice, texting, and 650mb of data. If you must have a working phone when you land, you should order the SIM in the US and get it set up before you leave, but if you can wait until you check in to your hotel and then go to the Orange store it is a much better deal. Also, I never found any SIM vending machines at the Paris airport (CDG), though I see them all the time at Heathrow. One more note- if you use an android phone, when you set it up, make sure you disable automatic and background refreshes (unless you really want them :-) I went through 500mb of data in two weeks because of Android refreshes, and that was with WiFi on in my condo (I do self catering lodging in Europe). If you visit the Orange store in France, make sure you walk through the process of how to \"refill\" your phone's plan in case you need to buy data. You basically enter #123 on the phone, then follow some menus in French and enter your code. But there are no English menus, so if you want to be self-sufficient, get them to show you at the store."},"review5":{"Score":1.8,"Title":"Great dual sim phone with some shortcomings","Body":"I purchased this phone in Europe through Amazon and as always fantastic service and very fast delivery. I had high hope for the phone and it has performed well. I will list all the pros and cons with brief explanations: Pros: Works as a dual sim, very easy to switch between 1 and 2 sim card. Worked great in different parts of Europe and works well in US. Very good build quality, sturdy and nice feel. Touch screen is very good and responsive for this price category. Good battery life while running a few apps: Gps, bluetooth, active screen saver etc. Nice camera although no flash, again for the price its very good. Reception and call quality, speakerphone, and earpiece very good. Internet access also very good, better when connected through Wifi. All around a very nice user friendly phone at a great price. Now for the shortcomings: If you plan on using the MP3 function and just happen to be on of the \"few\" windows media users, forget it. It will not ready wma files. You either have to convert them form your laptop\/cpu or buy a program that does it. I was truly disappointed in this matter because I have 10 year old Nokia phones that will play the WMA files and sound great. Was Samsung too cheap to just incorporated a wma program reader? On that note; if you do decide to upgrade and get a program that will convert the files, the sound quality, through headphones is LOUSY. At first I though it may have been the headphones but, I tested the headphones and even connected Reference AKG's, still sucked. I guess I just have been spoiled by Sony and NOkia MP3 players. Also even if you do purchase the Apps to convert you files you still can't use them as ring tones. I tried over ten different apps and only POwer Amp worked, purchase at Google. Thus anything with music, forget about it. Just keep using your old MP# player. I know a few will say its a phone and not a music player but, in this day and age with the technology out there to have ten year old units outperform is truly sad. Camera is good as I mentioned but, no flash so pics aren't as good and the camera function-zoom is a bit unusual. Memory: only 170mb; Not bad but, if you download apps and they can't be moved to sd card it will slow you phone down All in all a very good phone for the money. Samsung would have received 5 stars had they just spent a bit more on the MP3 player, better camera functions and expanded memory. The perfect phone would have been the Galaxy W model with a dual sim function and a decent MP3."},"review37":{"Score":33.333336,"Title":"@Shankar: Go for Galaxy Y Plus","Body":"I anyway wanted to write a brief review of this phone. Was seeing other reviews and came across Shankar's query. He seems to be in my position, who wants to buy a basic smart phone with decent features but isn't much into the techno-space. Lemme try and help him. A89 is probably the only model in the Micromax stable that has got a fairly positive response from genuine users (and not those paid reviewer types). That's probably a nice phone. But you need to keep two things in mind. 1) No one can guarantee how long a micromax is going to perform properly. and 2) When this phone starts malfunctioning, you're screwed because after-sales service is virtually non-existent with companies like Micromax, Karbonn, Lava and sorts. So, though both the phones have comparable features, Samsung should be your choice. Now coming to this Galaxy Y Plus handset, let's agree that as this is prices at lower 6000, you don't really expect this phone to work like S4. If you buy a smartphone @6290, you're buying a compromise. So be happy with it. This phone is pretty smooth, doesn't hang much, response is quite prompt, display is nice. The very fact that you're getting ICS at this price bracket should make you grin. Internal memory is great. I'm not at all a gamer so can;t comment on that. But it's understood that it should not be the choice of heavy gamers. Audio output through earphone is all right, though the speaker is pathetic. Camera is awful. Battery back up is up to mark. And the biggest lie that Samsung told is the 4 GB internal memory. It actually has 1.95 GB. I don't know why they lied but it's a very big turn off."},"review4":{"Score":9.3,"Title":"Great For BASIC Texting and Data Roaming","Body":"I bought this primarily for texting and prepaid calling. Superb value if texting and prepaid calling are all you care about. Having dual SIM\/Dual Stand-by, both SIMs work AT THE SAME TIME. One SIM can use the 3G technology while the other is on 2G (texting, data transmissions) - but both are ACTIVELY running. You can turn OFF either one IF you want to use just the OTHER one. Being sold already UNLOCKED, I was able to use my both my EUROPEAN SIM as well as my ASIAN SIM. While international roaming text is CHEAPER than international calling for my instant communication in the field (as well as VOIP, email and the likes where you have to wait 'till they power up and their PC and log-on to their email accounts), I was able to knock down costs for important messages needing urgent responses. If you are the person who needs state-of-the-art technologies in data, picture, sound, internet and WIFI connectivity, this product may not be best for you. But if you are simply on basic communication without bells and whistles yet able to get your job done at a modest cost and flexible multiple SIM carrier swappability, then this one's can't be beat! Other tools I love most on this are: touch-screen texting with multiple line visibility, text threads are in \"ballons\" with SIM1 or 2 desgination, \"swype\" texting, wide screen and very light to carry. I also purchased two more extra batteries (EB464358VU @ 1300mAh) and one universal charger because I really am a text-ing fanatic!!!!"},"review38":{"Score":null,"Title":"Decent phone.","Body":"This was my first smartphone. Though it does not have great specifiaction, its still in working condition. I am happy for it."},"review3":{"Score":7.0,"Title":"Works great, including Square credit card readers","Body":"I was able to set up the phone rather easily, in spite of the minimal instructions. I have a T-Mobile SIM with unlimited talk, text, and data in slot 1, and a T-Mobile prepaid SIM in slot 2. I have a mobile business that covers two telephone area codes, and I used to carry two phones. Now I only need one phone for both numbers. An additional reason for getting the new phone was to get an Android phone that I could set up a Square credit card account on. The Square card reader works great. Customers can sign the transaction right on the touch screen, and get a receipt by email. I love it, as this should enhance my business, while simplifying my life. The phone came with an adapter to plug European\/Asian charger cords into US style outlets, but the charger itself was correct for US outlets. I just wish more instructional info came with the phone. Update 7\/11\/12: This phone has much better reception than my Blackberry. Today I was in an area where my Blackberry would never find any service, yet this phone was receiving emails and a phone call. Battery life is excellent. I could probably go a full two days with this, while my Blackberry was lucky to last a day. I get a little frustrated with it at times, as many times when I swipe the screen to unlock it, different apps will open, depending on where I swipe. I totally impressed a customer with it yesterday, as I used it to swipe her credit card and immediately email a receipt to her. I do wish it would have a flash for the camera, as I often take photos of customer items. Overall, I am happy with it. Update 7\/30\/12 - Yesterday when I turned the phone on, it could not read the SD card, and asked if I wanted to reformat it. I waited until I got home, and my laptop could not read the SD card either. My laptop would not reformat the SD card, but the phone would. I loaded most of my stuff back onto the SD card, and it has been fine today. However, in trying to use the Navigation app today, it kept asking me to install the voice speech synthesizer, even while it was telling me directions! I am loading it now, and it is being installed on my SD card. So even though speech is installed on the phone, it wants another version on the SD card, and maybe I lost that when the SD card crashed. Now that the install is done, the Navigation app is happy."},"review35":{"Score":50.0,"Title":"Good Phone with display being a big minus !!!","Body":"I am currently using this phone. Not going into specifications as already they are mentioned. Now coming directly to user experience perspective. Now this i suppose is an upgrade of Galaxy y. The upgradation is with respect to a. OS version which is ICS. b. Processor speed 800+ MHz and c. Internal Memory. Which are pros over Galaxy y. Over and all this set is good as you will have ICS\/Jelly Bean, good internal memory to install all your apps from market. But wait, take a note of some cons also. What pains the users, are: a. The dispaly size is very less. At a price tag of around Rs. 6400, users can minimum expect a 3 inch display screen, when any other mobile manufacturer is also providing. Display Stats: 240 x 320 pixels, 2.8 inches (~143 ppi pixel density) is really pathetic and causes issues in proper readability. Small Screen and low resolution kills the display (forget about video watching experience). Mind this very carefully as you will feel this first when you hold this phone in your hands. I always find my fingers big enough for the tiny display screen. b. Somehow i feel the internet speed is not that fast using this phone. I have downloaded apps from Google Play using WiFi. But the speed seems slow compared to Sony Xperia Tipo or Htc Explorer. c. Battery life is another issue. Around 1200 mAh battery makes you charge in every 10-12 hours with average mobile usage (with free apps for battery life installed). d. The earphone shipped with the box is average and music listening experince is nothing that much noteworthy. Though sound clarity is satisfactory. * Verdict:: For below\/equal Rs.7000 budget cap, If dual sim is a requirement with satisfactory voice quality you can go with buying this phone but you have to compromise with display. If dual sim is not your immediate requirement then i would suggest you to go for any of the below two (used both of them) : 1. Sony Xperia Tipo --> (Display: 4\/5, Sound: 4\/5, Internal Memory: 5\/5, Processor: 4\/5, OS Support: 5\/5, Battery Life: 4.5\/5 , Features: 4.5\/5) Price: min Rs 6600 2. Htc Explorer --> (Display: 4.5\/5, Sound: 4\/5 (need to buy htc earphones separately), Internal Memory: 2\/5, Processor: 3.5\/5, OS Support: 3\/5 (No ICS upgrade), Battery Life: 3.5\/5, Features: 4\/5) Price: min Rs 6400 3. Do some research also for other new entrants in that price cap."},"review2":{"Score":1.2,"Title":"Delightful Dual Sim Phone","Body":"I bought this dual sim Galaxy Y Duos ($178) after using the single sim SAMSUNG Y GALAXY S-5360 ($125) for a couple of weeks. Pros: - Dual sim works flawlessly. Both sims are always on and the Samsung software to manage the sim cards is very easy to master. By pulling down the top curtain you can easily switch which sim is the primarily and thereby choose which sim to call\/text from. Also, from the sim setting you can quickly decide which sim should be used for data or turn off the data completely. The dual-sim phone is excellent for frequent travelers that need to handle multiple sims cards without the burden of multiple phones. Also works well for those that want to separate work and private lines without having to carry two phones. - Android 2.3 Gingerbread (have not heard of any update to ICS 4.x) - Full functioning Google play market for apps. - SD slot that takes up to 32 gb (I am using it with 8gb) - Wifi and bluetooth - Tethering and Wi-Fi hotstpot - Very good battery life. The phone will easily take you through the day with average use. Neutral: (Updated 11\/17\/2012) - Okay specs for a budget dual sim phone. Has 832MHz CPU and 3.15MP Camera - Okay screen resolution 320 x 480 Pixels. Screen is responsive to scrolling. - Good call quality. - Adobe Flash - had to sideload flash on mine but recent phones now reporting flash support) Cons: - Screen size is 3.14 ins which is a bit small. (I think the barest minimum for a smartphone should be 3.5 inch in order to browse and read easily) - No front-facing camera for video conferencing - No camera flash - No WiFi Direct. Overall, a delightful entry dual sim android phone by a reputable company for under $200. This is definitely a much better phone than the single sim SAMSUNG Y GALAXY S-5360. If there may be the slightest reason to use a dual sim then I would suggest you invest in this one over the single sim galaxy y."},"review36":{"Score":50.0,"Title":"its y minus at a higher price","Body":"this phone is just a downgraded version of samsung galaxy y . samsung galaxy y has a 3 inch screen and y plus has a 2.8 inch screen . battery of both phones is the same . the y plus wins in internal storage it has 4 gb and y has 190 mb . speed of these phones is same . gaming is same. screen size of y plus is very small . problem of internal storage of y can be solved by rooting the phone ."},"review33":{"Score":66.66667,"Title":"Video Review on YouTube, good dual sim phone","Body":"Got this phone a few days back, I have done an unboxing video of the same, which is available on youtube by the title: \"Samsung Galaxy Y Plus Unboxing Hyderabad Flipkart\". I'll also be making more detailed reviews of the phone in the coming days, so do tune in. The phone is a good dual sim android phone, which runs Android Ice Cream Sandwich and samsung's touchwiz interface. I bought this as my secondary phone and below is my impression about the phone so far: Pros: 1. Smart Dual SIM 2. Bang for the buck 3. Good phone to experience smartphones for the first time 4. 3G connectivity at low cost Not so Good: 1. Camera is just okay 2. Browsing not too fast 3. Sluggish at times 4. Ram feels low at times Cons: 1. Resolution is pretty low, so much so that some fine text is not readable 2. Gaming not up to the mark 3. No flash 4. Chrome doesn't work, no matter what you do Overall this should be a good choice for anyone looking to try out smartphones for the first time or for anyone who intends to use this as a secondary phone."},"review34":{"Score":100.0,"Title":"Super smooth but poor display !","Body":"I took the phone in a haste,just overlooking the fact that it was an android phone in an affordable range with a solid internal memory ! And the decision seems good..the phone,with a 850mhz processor is crisp in operations...even heavy games like subway surfers and temple run 2 can be played with minimum lags..almost all the functions of big samsung phones are served by this phone.. The only big drawback of this phone is its display ! Supported with a very low pixel per inch (ppi) density, the display is not pleasing ! Even for gaming lovers, the 2.8 inch screen is not a reason for delight .. Still, what all can you expect in 6000 bucks ? For meeting all the basic requirements, this phone is a great choice ..but what i ll suggest is wait for some time or exceed your budget a little.. because after all its the display what ultimately matters !"},"review31":{"Score":66.66667,"Title":"Samsung galaxy Y","Body":"I purchased galaxy Y yesterday from a retailer. Its working fine except for the android market. It always displays a connection timeout error. I browsed through various discussion forums and it seems lot of people are facing this issue which is apparently an android issue and not a handset issue. However none of the solutions are not working for me. It is"},"review32":{"Score":100.0,"Title":"Great phone !!","Body":"Firstly, those who are criticizing this phone for its low quality display and bad camera quality, if you want better features, pay more. It is that simple. Given the price of this phone and the features it offers, it is outstanding. You get Android 4.0.4 working right out of the box along with a 512 MB RAM, what more did you expect at around 5.5k? It features 4GB ROM, out of which around 2.3GB is usable. 2MP camera which is just about good (again, if you want more, pay more). Considering the screen size (2.8\"), it obviously is not good for gaming and high def games will definitely not work. But normal casual games like temple run will run just fine. The capacitive touch screen is super smooth is responding and being a member of the galaxy family, it does come with samsung touchwiz which makes the touch response all the more smooth. Given the fact that it does not have a very strong processor or RAM, heavy applications like chrome might nor work and the net browser might crash now and then. Net browsing is fairly good, it load up webpages pretty smoothly (it takes a bit of time though), pinch to zoom might not be up to the mark but that's ok. It can stream videos from youtube, takes to buffer thought, nevertheless that feature works perfectly. Sound quality is also decent, again, considering the price and other features, you cannot expect more than this. All in all it is a pretty good phone, total value for money."},"review30":{"Score":46.0,"Title":"Bad phone ever","Body":"Nothing is good about this phone Pros - its a android phone Cons - 1. Battery is very poor, hardly a day's charge 2. Screen is pixlated,not a clear view 3. most apps not compatible, screen size just 3\" 4. very difficult to type an SMS, u will always click the button u didn't intended to type. 5. Samsung Kies office suite is worse 6. GPRS surfing speed is dead slow compared to a nokia 7. overall display of phone is very cheap, it gives u a feel of a chinese type phone. Overall, guys dont go for this phone, instead buy a Nokia if you have similar budget or go for high end Android. This phon'e prices are increasing everyday and its not a good deal at all. I sold this phone barely within a week at a loss."},"review9":{"Score":5.0,"Title":"Poor memory and poor experience","Body":"I purchased this phone for international travel as it can accommodate two SIM cards. The order and delivery process from Amazon was flawless. But the phone itself has an inherent problem in that it comes with a lot of (in my mind \"junk\") software from Google and Samsung that cannot be removed. The result in my case was that after downloading two additional Apps (What's App and Facebook) the phone essentially became useless as I kept getting notifications that my memory was full and e-mails could not be downloaded. FYI: I did buy a 32 GB SD card and installed it, but most applications need to run on the phone itself so it has become unclear to me what the purpose of this SD card may be, aside from maybe video clips etc. Eventully I removed these applications again and now have a few MB that allow for e-mail downloads (forget about opening attachments). I now limp along using this phone, but probably will end up buying another phone that can accommodate SIM cards that has much better memory capacity. Maybe this issue is related to the fact that it is an older phone type and as such has poor memory capacity that is no longer compatible with modern Apps that require a lot more memory. If that is the case, it should not be sold anymore. But of course there may be quantities of this phone sitting in inventory somewhere and Amazon can unload them by offering it cheaply (I paid about $100 - would have gladly paid more if it only worked better)."},"review19":{"Score":7.0,"Title":"Nice","Body":"Its a noce phone. Cheap in price but good in quality. Recommended. so far could not find any problem with the phone."},"review8":{"Score":1.0,"Title":"Excellent choice","Body":"I travel frequently on business and also have numerous business associates in foreign countries (Ghana, Ireland, Belize, and the UK). This phone is excellent for my needs. I use a Worldsim (highly recommendOneSimCard International SIM Card for 200 Countries with $10 Credit) that gives me both a UK and a USA cell number - PLUS I have a SIM for each of the countries I travel to. So this phone give me three numbers at any given time. AND I find it very easy to use - fast operating system - easy to read and very user friendly. An exceptional value for the money and essential for the traveler."},"review28":{"Score":100.0,"Title":"Decent Android phone","Body":"Bought this phone few months back. It is a good phone, value for the money spent. You may not find another android phone (with latest OS) in this price tag. PROs: 1. Easy to use. Touch screen is very effective (Capacitive Panel). 2. Latest Android firmware. 3. Many applications of Google like Gmail, Maps are pre-loaded. 4. Taking multiple photos in sequence is easy; takes very less time. 5. Package comes with 2GB card; Flipkart gives additional 8GB card. 6. Great phone for starters who want to move from their regular phone to Touchscreen\/Android phone. CONs: 1. If you use multimedia, games, etc, then battery doesn't last long. Otherwise, it comes for more than a day with avg. call usage. 2. Two buttons (Menu & Back) in the front panel, does not have backlight. Hence, it is difficult to pick up the spot to touch, esp in low light areas. They are also hard to press compared to the main touchscreen panel. 3. Average camera resolution, with no flash. If taking photos & videos are a priority, then this is not the phone to buy. Color Plus model comes with 4 additional back panel along with the default grey. Grey, Pink & Orange panels are textured, whereas Black & White ones are not."},"review29":{"Score":50.0,"Title":"My Expereience on Galaxy Y","Body":"Hi, I recently brought Galaxy Y S5360 and got the delivery of the handset on 06\/1\/12. Unfortunately for me the hand set did not start even after charging for prescribed hours on first use, just a welcome screen would and remain for hours, later I explained this to M\/s Flipkart personnel and asked for a complete refund, I have been promised by Flipkart that I will be getting the refund and they also told me that this problem is being reported more oftenly on this particular model and software. With this experience I would suggest potential buyers not to fall prey to media but to really evaluate before purchase, especially Sansung Galaxy Y 5360 model. Because it is a waste of time, effort and money."},"review26":{"Score":67.0,"Title":"Great For beginners Good for mediums nott so good for experts","Body":"I bought this on 7th january. Cool phone. like a mini Galaxy S2 Truely a good one for starters. but not a great for others. Start with Goods A 3 inch touchscreen. Latest OS in Android Stylish Looks Faster 3g great with wi-fi smooth maps, nagivation, Processor of over 800 mhz ( Galaxy Pop of 9k got just 600) Now what makes it not great? 3 inch ain't a huge one! Camera just 2 Mp , no flash, secondary cam Lesser features , apps Just 180MB internal! but we cant get all for 7.5k1 I would say go get it as you'll never get a phone with such features for such a price. My dad with S2 adores my Y"},"review27":{"Score":100.0,"Title":"Battery","Body":"No complains whatsoever for other things, but the battery drops too fast. It was fully charged at 6pm, and i didnt use it till then, wifi, gps, everything's off, now its 11pm and the battery drops to one level.... tomorrow it will drop to atleast the last level. This is dissapointing. Cant even last one day without charging :("},"review24":{"Score":82.0,"Title":"Awesome mobile in budget","Body":"Galaxy Y is the best android phone in such low price. Having 2.3 ginger, 2MP camera but no flash still good picture quality, all apps supported with angry bird, and all. I am using this phone since last 1 month, I purchased it from my local mkt., and it is performing well. I have installed so many aaps and games including angry bird and it is working well. Just go for it if you wanna spend around 7000~7500 go for it, its very nice phone. I am enjoying this hoping you will also be enjoy......"},"review25":{"Score":83.33333,"Title":"Excellent Phone","Body":"Good Buy for 7600\/- About the phone: For this price, you will be more than happy to own it. Don't mind the resolution, you won't even notice it much. If people are comparing this to iphones and galaxy tabs...go get a life!, you can't buy a VW polo and expect it to have BMW features in it. The camera isn't too bad when compared to other phones with even 3mp. Even though you will have difficulty getting used to typing, eventually you will be comfortable. For those wondering were to slide in the microsd card, just open the back case and it's on the left side bottom (though it's marked MicroSD, it's difficult to notice). Please uncheck bluetooth, 3G features when you are not using them and decrease the brightness to conserve battery. Just one more advice, you do not have to charge 8 or 12 hours for the first charge as this is not a Ni-mh battery. You can stop charging when battery is fully charged which is about 3 hours. Remember to go through FAQ's in flipkart before you place the order."},"review22":{"Score":92.0,"Title":"Good Entry Level Android phone","Body":"This is around the best entry level Android smart phone and coming from Samsung, has good build quality and features. The phone does have some issues like hanging during calls sometimes and a few call drops. However this does not happen always and since it comes with Gingerbread, it is far better than most others running with Froyo. Trust me GB is way far too better than Froyo. The processor is decent and overclocking it is not recommended as it is almost running at its max capacity. For users who want to start out with Android but do not want to spend too much on a high end phone, this is the best one you can get. I have gifted it to my wife (I use Moto Defy) and she is perfectly happy with the phone. It is very light, sleek and feels very good to hold. Definitely recommend this phone and for this price, there will be no regrets at all."},"review23":{"Score":90.0,"Title":"Brillant Hardware","Body":"This Phone is really amazing.The features of this phone is more good than my expectation.Really guys this is best gadget for new generation.The OS,GPS,Camera,Touchscreen what what would I tell u is awesome.Really guys if you wanna purchase a new android phone and your budget is low approx 7-8 thousand than without thinking purchase this phone.Beleive me you won't become unsatisfied from this"},"review20":{"Score":5.0,"Title":"IN LOVE, must buy! Well worth it!","Body":"I have had this phone for about 3 weeks AND Good god, I Love it!, It does exactly what I want it to do: It's fast, holds up a lot of memory and remains fast speed, downloads apps and music instantly if its a good file, Love the look! :) You have to adjust the light on the camera but hold it steady but the pic quality is ok. The headphones are amazingly loud and great coonvenient length. Love the long charger, no complaints! Honestly!"},"review21":{"Score":2.0,"Title":"Purchased for my teen daughter","Body":"I am leery of my kid having too much technology at her fingertips and being too plugged in with internet, etc. So it was really silly of me to agree to buy her this phone. (Actually she said she'd pay me from the allowance she's saved, but I've yet to see the cash. But, I digress...) Anyway, the phone is very cute, and has nice features. It's got a functional, albeit lower grade camera on the back. She can download music, surf the web, chat with buddies on Skype, and play games like Angry Birds (one of her favorite apps). It's got custom Hello Kitty wallpaper and ringtones. The size is right, not too large like some of the smart-phones on the market. For us, it was a right fit for the price point. My daughter has been thrilled with the purchase, so we are satisfied."}}